EpicKillStreaksAnnoncer/README.md, before:

﻿# SORRY
The first 4 versions of the mod were shipped in a hurry and I didn't test them. Because of that, some of you had to install the mod 4 times before it actually worked. I'm sorry for that :/

# Epic KillStreaks Annoncer
What's more rewarding than an epic announcer commenting on your best kill streaks? This mod adds (on the client side) the famous Unreal Tournament 2004 Annoncer to your game! Will you manage to do a monster kill?

## Features
Whenever you get a kill, the mod registers it and if you managed to reach a certain amount of kills, each one seperated by a maximum of 3seconds (configurable), it will trigger an epic sound.


## Config
You can change the number of kills needed to reach each sound in the config file. By default the values are:

 - Headshot : -1 (deactivated, replace by 1 if you want to activate it)
 - Double kill : -1 (deactivated, replace by 2 if you want to active it)
 - Triple Kill : 3
 - Multi kill : 5
 - Dominating : 8
 - Rampage : 12
 - Ludicrous Kill : 16
 - God like : 20
 - M-M-Monster kill : 25

You can also change the maximum time before the killing streak is reset. By default it's set to 3sec.

## Multiplayer
This is a client side mod. That mean that only you can hear the announcer, and that it doesnt affect any other player's game.
HOWEVER! At the moment this only works in singleplayer or when you are hosting. I'm working on a fix but that might take some time.
## Planned features
 - Add support for non host games
 - Add support for hearing other players kill streaks
 - Add support for in game message on reaching high kill streaks

## Versions
 - 1.0.0 - Initial release
 - 1.0.4 - No more structure file and the thing is hopefully finally working

## Contact
I'm available on the ROR2 Modding discord server (@Hijack Hornet). Please send me feedback! This is my second mod so I would really appreciate it.

##Thanks
Thanks to all the devs that helped me do this, and thanks to my two beta testers: Ravens Queen & FatansticFungus
Thanks to Miss_name for making AssetPlus and helping me with it :)

Commit message:

Refactoring + Rework on both mods

EpicKillStreaksAnnoncer/README.md, after:

﻿# Epic KillStreaks Announcer
What's more rewarding than an epic announcer commenting on your best kill streaks? This mod adds (on the client side) the famous Unreal Tournament 2004 Announcer to your game! Will you manage to do a monster kill?

## What's new in this update ?
Now work in multiplayer. Also it's way faster than before. I basically re-wrote the all code in the last 2 days (i spent like 20h on this). But here you have it :)

## Features
Whenever you get a kill, the mod registers it and if you managed to reach a certain amount of kills, each one seperated by a maximum of 3seconds (configurable), it will trigger an epic sound.


## Config
You can change the number of kills needed to reach each sound in the config file. By default the values are:

 - Headshot : -1 (deactivated, replace by 1 if you want to activate it)
 - Double kill : -1 (deactivated, replace by 2 if you want to active it)
 - Triple Kill : 3
 - Multi kill : 5
 - Dominating : 8
 - Rampage : 12
 - Ludicrous Kill : 16
 - God like : 20
 - M-M-Monster kill : 25

You can also change the maximum time before the killing streak is reset. By default it's set to 3sec.

## Multiplayer
This is a client side mod. That mean that only you can hear the announcer, and that it doesnt affect any other player's game.
If you are hosting the game however, you are also tracking other players killstreaks, and if one manage to 
## Planned features
 - Add support for non host games
 - Add support for hearing other players kill streaks
 - Add support for in game message on reaching high kill streaks

## Versions
 - 1.0.0 - Initial release
 - 1.0.4 - No more structure file and the thing is hopefully finally working
 - 1.1.0 - A LOT of rework on the mod. Like i almost remade it completly. But now it work in multiplayer !

## Contact
I'm available on the ROR2 Modding discord server (@Hijack Hornet). Please send me feedback! This is my second mod so I would really appreciate it.

##Thanks
Thanks to all the devs that helped me do this, and thanks to my two beta testers: Ravens Queen & FatansticFungus
Thanks to Miss_name for making AssetPlus and helping me with it :) Thanks also to the mod community for helping me so much in the process.
And thanks to @sly for correcting my english.
